Readme.md, before:

# Shukofukurou
![screenshot](https://malupdaterosx.moe/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/mallibrary-icon.png)

Formerly known as MAL Library

Shukofukurou an open sourced and native [AniList](https://anilist.co), [Kitsu](https://kitsu.io/), [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net) library manager, a complete rewrite of MAL Client OSX written in Objective-C.

This app is named after the owl, Shuko from Sora no Woto.

Requires latest SDK (10.15), XCode 11 or later with a 10.11 macOS Deployment Target.

iOS version of Shukofukurou is available [here](https://github.com/Atelier-Shiori/Shukofukurou-iOS), which uses mostly the same backend code.

## Supporting this Project

You can also support the project by buying the full version from the Mac App Store for $4.99. All future updates are free for 3.x.

[![macappstore](https://malupdaterosx.moe/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/downloadmacappstore.png)](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/shukofukurou/id1373973596?ls=1&mt=12)


For existing users who downloaded from the App Store, the upgrade fee planned to be $1.99 to help cover the cost of development. People who downloaded MAL Library after March 1, 2018 before the release of 3.0 will recieve a free upgrade through the non-App Store version.

## How to Compile

Warning: This won't work if you don't have a Developer ID installed. If you don't have one, obtain one by joining the Apple Developer Program or turn off code signing.

1. Get the Source
2. Type 'xcodebuild' to build

# About Self-Built Copies
These restrictions only apply on officially distributed versions of Shukofukurou. To create an unofficial version without restrictions, build the App Store scheme. There is no software updates if you build your own as this is an unofficial copy. Do not create issues for self-built copies as they won't be supported. 

There will be a community scheme to allow users to build unofficial copies. However, you must enter your own client keys.

# Tests
Currently, there is a UI test that tests the basic UI functionality (search, adding/modifying/deleting titles, and viewing title information) and unit tests testing the search and list management functionality. Note that you should only run these tests on a test account so your entries won't get overwritten.

## Dependencies
All the frameworks are included. Just build! Here are the frameworks that are used in this app:

* Sparkle.framework
* MASPreferences.framework
* AFNetworking.framework
* PXSourceList.framework
* CocoaOniguruma.framework
* Hiyoko.framework

Licenses for these frameworks and related classes can be seen [here](https://github.com/Atelier-Shiori/mallibrary/wiki/Credits).

Icons provided by [icons8](https://icons8.com/)

## License
Unless stated, Source code is licensed under New BSD License

Commit message:

3.5 - Update frameworks to be rebuilt for Universal Binary 2.
Add some macOS Big Sur improvements.

Readme.md, after:

# Shukofukurou
![screenshot](https://malupdaterosx.moe/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/mallibrary-icon.png)

Formerly known as MAL Library

Shukofukurou an open sourced and native [AniList](https://anilist.co), [Kitsu](https://kitsu.io/), [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net) library manager, a complete rewrite of MAL Client OSX written in Objective-C.

This app is named after the owl, Shuko from Sora no Woto.

Requires latest SDK (11), XCode 12 or later with a 10.11 macOS Deployment Target.

iOS version of Shukofukurou is available [here](https://github.com/Atelier-Shiori/Shukofukurou-iOS), which uses mostly the same backend code.

** While most of the frameworks are now Universal Binary 2 ready, AppCenter is not avaiable for Universal Binary. Therefore, the app won't be Universal Binary 2 until AppCenter is available for Apple Silicon **

## Supporting this Project

You can also support the project by buying the full version from the Mac App Store for $4.99. All future updates are free for 3.x.

[![macappstore](https://malupdaterosx.moe/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/downloadmacappstore.png)](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/shukofukurou/id1373973596?ls=1&mt=12)


For existing users who downloaded from the App Store, the upgrade fee planned to be $1.99 to help cover the cost of development. People who downloaded MAL Library after March 1, 2018 before the release of 3.0 will recieve a free upgrade through the non-App Store version.

## How to Compile

Warning: This won't work if you don't have a Developer ID installed. If you don't have one, obtain one by joining the Apple Developer Program or turn off code signing.

1. Get the Source
2. Type 'xcodebuild' to build

# About Self-Built Copies
These restrictions only apply on officially distributed versions of Shukofukurou. To create an unofficial version without restrictions, build the App Store scheme. There is no software updates if you build your own as this is an unofficial copy. Do not create issues for self-built copies as they won't be supported. 

There will be a community scheme to allow users to build unofficial copies. However, you must enter your own client keys.

# Tests
Currently, there is a UI test that tests the basic UI functionality (search, adding/modifying/deleting titles, and viewing title information) and unit tests testing the search and list management functionality. Note that you should only run these tests on a test account so your entries won't get overwritten.

## Dependencies
All the frameworks are included. Just build! Here are the frameworks that are used in this app:

* Sparkle.framework
* MASPreferences.framework
* AFNetworking.framework
* PXSourceList.framework
* CocoaOniguruma.framework
* Hiyoko.framework

Licenses for these frameworks and related classes can be seen [here](https://github.com/Atelier-Shiori/mallibrary/wiki/Credits).

Icons provided by [icons8](https://icons8.com/)

## License
Unless stated, Source code is licensed under New BSD License
